h2. Overview

DungeonTimer is a simple addon for keeping track of your times running 5-man dungeon instance.
Unlike similar addons, this one does not require you to use the "Looking for Dungeon" (LFD)
tool in game.

The timer is started when you first enter combat and is stopped when you kill the final boss
of the instance.

Best times are stored per-character.

Comes with a LibDataBroker data source that displays the elapsed time on your NinjaPanel, ChocolateBar or other display. Clicking on the LDB panel will send the current elapsed time to your party. The LDB tooltip shows your current best instance times, sorted by instance name.

TODO:
* Track average times for each instance seen
* Add support for pre-LK instances
* Enable display of best time for the instance when that best is another toon

h2. Bugs and Suggestions

Please post any bugs and suggestions on the github issue tracker:

"http://github.com/PProvost/DungeonTimer/issues":http://github.com/PProvost/DungeonTimer/issues

h2. License

Copyright 2009 Peter Provost (Quaiche of Dragonblight)

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

"http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

